All right let's finish off this section with an exercise and this exercise we're going to call the writing
exercise.
We're going to test you on everything we've covered so far and you're going to be creating a simple
web page that converts puppy names into puppy Latin which is just a made up language similar to Pig
Latin.
Here are the rules for puppy Latin.
And then we'll go in more detail over what the exercise actually entails.
So puppy London.
It's quite simple.
If a puppy named does not end in a Y then what you do is you just add a y onto the name.
So for instance if the puppy's name is rufous it becomes Rufus E for Y at the end if their name is Spot
it becomes Spadina for Y at the end.
So the puppy name originally does not end in a Y.
Then you just tack on a y to the very end.
However if a puppy named already does and then a Y then you take off that y and replace it with I f
u l so that something like sparkie becomes spark a full or a name like somebody become spot awful.
OK.
Those are the only two rules for puppie Latin and it's just based off whether the name does or does
not.
And then why.
Now your web application is going to have a specific row and the red is going to be puppie underscore
Latin forward slash and then you can insert any name you want there.
And what this is going to do it's going to take in the name that you pass into the your aisle and then
display the puppy Litan version on the page.
And if you want a little bit of hints on how you actually do this you can review are they namak route
video lecture for a similar example where we pasan a name and then showed it in full upper case you're
going be doing a very similar thing except your function is going to be a little more complex because
it's actually going to convert the name that you pass into the OR L into puppy liten based off these
rules that we just showed.
Now we've created sculpting code for you to code into.
It's called the routeing exercise.
Alternatively what you can do is you can skip to the solutions video lecture if you want to treat this
as a code long project.
Instead let's quickly view with the final Web site's going to look like.
And then we'll set you loose on the exercise.
Or you can skip forward to the next video and treat it as a code along with the solutions.
Let's head over to our browser and see what the finished product looks like.
OK this is what the home page looks like and it basically just says Welcome go to puppie underscore
Latin slash name to see your name and puppy Colyton.
So let's do that now we're going to say slash puppy underscore Latin slash and let's start with Rufus.
So Islands pass and Rufus says Hi Rufus your puppy Latin name is Rufus E..
So notice Rufus and the Hawaiian.
So we added a y onto it.
Now it's put in a name like spotty.
So we're going to say spotty.
Put that in it says hi Spadea your puppy Latin name is spotty full.
So again it's already ends for y we remove that Y and then tack on I f u l so you don't have to be using
indexing with your strings.
And then a good way to add onto a string is just a concatenation with that plus sign.
OK.
Best of luck on this project.
If you get stuck.
Go ahead and check out the solutions lecture which is up next.
We'll see there.